{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 SuisseWorks-Book;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1780\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs52 \cf2 \cb3 moments of intrigue,\
striking mundane feat.\
\
meditative movement\
amongst kirribilli\'92s \
streets\
______\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1780\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Located in the heart of Sydney\'92s North suburb Kirribilli, Cool Mac boasts the ideal setting for a morning coffee accompanied by a Japanese inspired dishes.\
\
We were commissioned to create a permanent mural for the cafe\'92s main feature wall with the intended function being to brighten the floor space.\
\
We felt the importance of celebrating Kirribilli within our work providing context for the local patrons.
\fs52 \
\
___\
\

\fs28 Through our calculated perspective, \uc0\u8232 we chose to highlight significant structures specific to our eye and attention to detail. \
\
We documented the area with a gaze focused on the lines created through architectural details. We worked towards highlighting these moments of intrigue, where the afternoon sun illuminated seemingly mundane, striking features. \
\
______\
\
The foundation of the colour palette was inspired by visual elements we gravitated towards such as the red door down the street, lush shrubbery, glistening pools, exposed brick, and the habitual shadows.  \
\
________\
\
What began as a seemingly monotonous task, soon became a meditative through the repetition of precise measuring, drawing, taping and painting. \
\
The end result was well worth the lengthy process. \
\
Watching the lines meet and colours reveal as we peeled the washi tape brought a great deal of satisfaction to us.\
\
Uncovering the entirety of this piece in full colour to the public attracted nothing but kind words, praise and support for more artistic activations to take place. \
\
\
Cool Mac\
2/34 Burton St, \
Kirribilli NSW 2061\
}